Quickstart uninformative links and Grammarly edits (#189)
hubverse-org/hubDocs: docs/source/quickstart-hub-admin/tasks-config.md

# Configuring tasks  

> Every Hub is organized around "modeling tasks" that are defined to meet the needs of a project. Modeling tasks are defined for a hub in the [`tasks.json` file](#model-tasks-schema), which specifies the three components of modeling tasks ([task ID variables](#task-id-vars), [output types](#output-types), and [target metadata](#target-metadata)). You can read [a detailed definition of modeling tasks](../user-guide/tasks.md) in the link.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Every Hub is organized around "modeling tasks" that are defined to meet the needs of a project. Modeling tasks are defined for a hub in the [`tasks.json` file](#model-tasks-schema), which specifies the three components of modeling tasks ([task ID variables](#task-id-vars), [output types](#output-types), and [target metadata](#target-metadata)). You can read a detailed definition of modeling tasks [in the "Defining Modeling Tasks" chapter](../user-guide/tasks.md).  
```

## Step 2: Examine the `tasks.json` file  

> You should see the code below in your source panel (upper left-hand panel). [Each line of code in `tasks.json`](#model-tasks-schema) is detailed in the link.  

Reviewer: I think this sentence needed some clarification in the first place. 

```suggestion
You should see the code below in your source panel (upper left-hand panel). This has a specific structure and you can explore that [in the interactive `tasks.json` schema explorer](#model-tasks-schema)  
```

## Step 4: Download a premade `tasks.json` file  

You can use the link to download [the `tasks.json` file](https://github.com/hubverse-org/example-simple-forecast-hub/blob/main/hub-config/tasks.json) from the Example Forecast Hub by clicking on the *Download Raw File* icon as indicated below.  

```{image} ../images/tasks-download.png
:alt: Screenshot of how to download a tasks.json file from GitHub
:class: bordered
```

Save the file in the `hub-config` folder (which is [in your repository on your local computer](#clone-repo)). This new file should replace this folder's existing `tasks.json` file.  

### 4.1: Examine the new `tasks.json` file  

> Open `tasks.json` and explore the content and structure. Simple explanations for elements in the Example Forecast Hub file are offered below (*click on the hyperlinks for a full explanation of all the supported elements in [a `tasks.json` file](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/hubverse-org/schemas/main/v2.0.1/tasks-schema.json) and definitions of [key concepts](../overview/definitions.md)*):  

Reviewer: Oof. That was outdated. 

```suggestion
Open `tasks.json` and explore the content and structure. Simple explanations for elements in the Example Forecast Hub file are offered below (*click on the hyperlinks for a full explanation of all the supported elements in [a `tasks.json` file](#model-tasks-schema) and definitions of [key concepts](../overview/definitions.md)*):  
```

:class: bordered
```

> Click on the link to read more on [how to use `target_date` and `target_end_date`](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/hubverse-org/schemas/main/v2.0.1/tasks-schema.json#L400).  

Reviewer: I'm tempted to just remove this because this has been an outdated link for a while. 

```suggestion
```

## Step 8: Set up `"submissions_due"`:  
- `"submissions_due"` establishes the dates by which model forecasts must be submitted to the hub. It is used by `hubValidations` when validating submission files.  
  

> [The schema permits two ways](https://github.com/hubverse-org/schemas/blob/de580d56b8fc5c24dd36a32994182e37b8b0ac95/v2.0.0/tasks-schema.json#L1323-L1380) to set the dates during which model forecasts can be submitted:  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The schema permits two ways to set the dates during which model forecasts can be submitted:  
```
